c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.exe.config
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.exe
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.pdb
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.g.resources
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.exe
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\obj\Debug\LauncherWPFOTC.pdb
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\amd64\git2-785d8c4.dll
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\amd64\git2-785d8c4.pdb
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\x86\git2-785d8c4.dll
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\x86\git2-785d8c4.pdb
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\osx\libgit2-785d8c4.dylib
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\linux\amd64\libgit2-785d8c4.so
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LibGit2Sharp.dll.config
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LibGit2Sharp.dll
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LibGit2Sharp.pdb
c:\users\savio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LauncherWPFOTC\LauncherWPFOTC\bin\Debug\LibGit2Sharp.xml
